[Music]
push your nose upward for one minute and
see what happens
lots of people all of the world spend
tons of money on cosmetic surgeries to
get a perfectly shaped nose these
surgeries are expensive and may have
unexpected complications unfortunately
very few people know that they can
change both the shape of their nose and
its length with some really simple
exercises but before you find out
everything about this wondrous nose
workout hit the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life 8 no shortening life
is life and human bodies can't help
changing as they age the bones muscles
and cartilage of your face bear the
brunt of getting older as well as a
result your facial features may change
and your nose may start to look longer
luckily this exercise can help to
shorten your nose on top of that it will
prevent the deterioration of the
cartilage position one of your index
fingers on the tip of your nose you may
also gently press it after that use your
nose to press downward on your finger
repeat this movement for approximately a
minute and as many times a day as you
can
Carol Maggio the creator of face er size
claims that this exercise will not only
make your nose shorter but will also
make your nose look straighter by
lifting its dripping tip there's one
more variation of this exercise hold the
bridge of your nose with your thumb and
index finger use the index finger of
your other hand to push the tip of your
nose upward the main part of this
exercise involves your upper lip you
need to apply some force to pull it down
after a couple of seconds you can
release it this way the tip of your nose
will be repeatedly pressing against your
index finger repeat this movement 10 to
15 times and then relax try to do this
exercise as often as you can
seven no shaping this set of exercises
is perfect for those who keep
complaining about the shape of their
nose such a workout will help you to
sculpt this body part and make it look
more elegant press the sides of your
nose with your index fingers and
forcefully breathe out however try not
to apply too much force while doing this
another way to shape your nose is to
press on it from the sides with your
index fingers and start to flare your
nostrils
the next exercise mostly builds the
muscles around your nose at the same
time these muscles are crucial if you
want to keep your nose in shape you
should start to wiggle your nose while
keeping your face completely still this
might turn out to be more difficult than
it seems but it will get easier with
time do each of these exercises for 30
seconds to 1 minute if you do this nose
work out regularly the chances are high
that your nose will become more sculpted
besides such exercises are extremely
effective if you want to protect your
nose from sagging 6 slimming down your
nose if you want to make your nose
slimmer this simple exercise will help
you out it's kind of a variation of the
previous workout first of all shape your
mouth in the form of an o press your
nostrils with your index fingers but
don't block the passage of air
completely you need to be able to
breathe through your nose start to take
deep breaths flare your nostrils while
you're doing this you should repeat this
workout several times a day if you want
to see results quickly
five no sharpening if you aren't happy
with how sharp your nose is you can try
this exercise position your thumb and
index finger on the sides of your nose
with their help start to push your nose
upward if you want this exercise to work
properly you need to smile while doing
it try to repeat this movement twenty to
thirty times a day to reach the best
results by smiling and pulling your nose
upward you will train and build the
muscles on the sides of your nose this
prevents sagging and therefore makes the
shape of your nose sharper for breathing
exercises to keep your nose in shape if
you've ever had a serious gym workout or
tried yoga you know that the way you
breathe is extremely important deep
breaths can help you do exercises in the
most efficient way but inhaling and
exhaling deeply can also help you shape
your nose sit down comfortably and relax
block one of your nostrils and inhale
through the other one breathe into a
count of three and hold the air inside
for a count of one now change sides
block the second nostril and take a deep
breath through the one that was closed
off before you can try to make this
exercise more complicated to do this
exhale for twice as long as you inhale
this means that you need to exhale for a
count of eight if this is too hard at
the moment try to inhale for a count of
three and exhale for a count of six do
three sets of this nose workout for the
best results each set should consist of
10 repetitions three making your nose
more narrow to make your nose more
narrow you should try a nose massage
with the help of your index fingers
begin to massage your nose start from
the bridge of your nose and move toward
its tip at the end massage the sides of
your nose remember that your fingers
should make careful circular movements
you will see the best results of you
massage your nose for five minutes every
day you can split this time into several
shorter sessions but the main thing is
to do this exercise regularly
- making your nose look more roof behind
position your middle fingers near the
inside corners of your eyes your ring
finger should be placed on the sides of
your nose right beside your middle
fingers now wrinkle your nose you're
supposed to feel how the muscles in this
area tense under your fingers start to
smooth out the wrinkles by moving your
fingers down the sides of your nose you
shouldn't stop wrinkling your nose the
muscles there should be tense repeat
this exercise at least 10 times 1
eliminating smile lines around your nose
there are two lines that run from the
sides of your nose to the corners of
your mouth these lines have the official
name of nasolabial folds but most people
call them smile lines these lines tend
to get deeper as you grow older
unfortunately it doesn't look
particularly nice but you can get rid of
these lines with the help of the
following exercise first of all fill
your mouth with air like a balloon
after that move the air in your mouth in
all directions every time you move the
air in a new direction keep it there for
several seconds continue doing this for
30 seconds to 1 minute and then release
the air and here's one more exercise
that will help you train your facial
muscles and improve the state of your
smile lines place both your right and
left index and middle fingers on the
sides of your mouth pull your fingers
upward try to be as gentle as possible
your goal is to stretch your skin in the
direction of your temples hold this
stretch and pucker your lips as if
you're pouting hold the pout and the
stretch for about 10 seconds repeat this
exercise 10 times
if you do these exercise several times a
day for example in the morning and
evening you'll see results pretty soon
you should remember that these exercises
won't replace the immediate effect of
surgery the results from your workouts
may seem subtle if first your reflection
in the mirror will still look like you
but your nose will have a better shape
and on your face will look more toned
then don't forget that the more often
you do these exercises the more
effective they are have you ever tried
to do a nose workout if so tell us about
your experience and results in the
comments section below
remember to give us a like share this
video with your friends and hit the
subscription button to join us on the
bright side of life
you